hello and welcome to the age of digital
transformation digital transformation is
all around us
the Internet of Things enables us to
connect to and follow almost any device
or asset connected networks and
in-memory platforms provide immediate
access to a stunning range of data
business processes can be harmonized
across all functions and departments you
can respond in the moment because you
are armed with real-time insight into
your most pressing questions
digital transformation is about how
technology profoundly improves the
performance and impact of businesses
most predictions agree that global
population will reach almost 10 billion
by 2050 3.1 billion people will be
joining the middle class by 2030
demanding more clean and affordable
energy to make their lives better
urbanization will result in two out of
three people living in cities by 2050
this is all good news for the energy
industry because as a result global
energy demand is expected to grow by 80
percent by 2050
that's almost double what it is today
yet there are also rapid changes
occurring which threatened traditional
oil and gas industry paradigms the
carbonization and advances in
engineering and technology are making
possible new and expanded energy sources
population growth worldwide urbanization
and rising demand from emerging
economies are shifting energy flows from
west to east
the drive for both lower carbon
intensity and overall greater safety of
people plants and the planet is forcing
the industry to stay ahead of constantly
changing regulations this digital energy
revolution will result in a more
resilient digital energy network that
connects all of the workers suppliers
customers and assets collaboration will
be simplified through the sharing of
information and resources all elements
of the value chain will become outcome
driven focused on the ultimate needs of
the customer access to information will
overtake access to capital and reserves
as the key competitive differentiator
so what does this mean to your oil and
gas company can your company run in the
moment yes you can you can reimagine
your business models you can reimagine
your business processes
you can even reimagine work reimagine
business models for your oil and gas
company could include developers
providing the energy supply and
infrastructure capacity to meet demand
operators producing and processing the
primary energy to its consumable forms
and quality logistics firms moving all
energy types to the point of consumption
across all transport modes outcome
providers delivering energized consumer
outcomes at the point of consumption
what is the impact to your business
processes changing business models and
digital technology advancements will
drive new process efficiencies the
development of innovative business
approaches and lower costs they will
also facilitate the rapid development of
breakthrough technology oil and gas
companies are finding extreme value in
digitizing as a key competitive
advantage the move from vertical to
digital business integration will
transform how employees work learn
interact and engage productivity and
engagement levels will increase through
automation the elimination of
unnecessary work and the optimal
deployment of contingent labor safety
will be improved with the increased use
of robotic technologies particularly in
hazardous areas
how do you get started we invite you to
learn more about how digital
transformation is impacting the oil and
gas industry download a complimentary
copy of the digital oil and gas company
white paper and explore a host of
resources designed to help you reimagine
your business it's an exciting time for
oil and gas companies it's a time for
reimagining